README.md, before:

# PlumberTutorial

`plumber` is an R package that converts your existing R code to a web API using a handful of special one-line comments.

This repository is a tutorial to start with this R package. A lot of examples and explanations come from [the official documentation](https://www.rplumber.io/docs/) and [this article](https://rviews.rstudio.com/2018/07/23/rest-apis-and-plumber/) from R view.

This repository also includes an example API `plumber.R`, including all the cases study from the tutorial. This API is accessible from the lab network at the address: http://192.168.101.44:8080

You can try by accessing to this address from your web browser:

- http://192.168.101.44:8080/plumbertuto to access to the `html` version of the tutorial
- http://192.168.101.44:8080/__swagger__/ to access to a summary of the example API

## Repository organisation

### Tutorial files:

The tutorial files are: `PlumberTuto.html` and `PlumberTuto.rmd` (images of the tutorial are stored in the `src` folder)

### Example API:

This folder contain the example API's code.

## Copyright

Copyright (C) 2019 The University of Tokyo.

Commit message:

refact rename tutorial "index" to get a github page

README.md, after:

# PlumberTutorial

You can consult the tutorial online at the address: https://ut-biomet.github.io/PlumberTutorial/

`plumber` is an R package that converts your existing R code to a web API using a handful of special one-line comments.

This repository is a tutorial to start with this R package. A lot of examples and explanations come from [the official documentation](https://www.rplumber.io/docs/) and [this article](https://rviews.rstudio.com/2018/07/23/rest-apis-and-plumber/) from R view.

This repository also includes an example API `plumber.R`, including all the cases study from the tutorial. This API is accessible from the lab network at the address: http://192.168.101.44:8080

You can try by accessing to this address from your web browser:

- http://192.168.101.44:8080/plumbertuto to access to the `html` version of the tutorial
- http://192.168.101.44:8080/__swagger__/ to access to a summary of the example API

## Repository organisation

### Tutorial files:

The tutorial files are: `index.html` and `index.rmd` (images of the tutorial are stored in the `src` folder).


### Example API:

This folder contain the example API's code.

## Copyright

Copyright (C) 2019 The University of Tokyo.
